### 1. Mostly for which type of websites is Next JS used?

Several types of websites and applications can be built. But the most popular are-

Desktop websites
Static websites
Server rendered applications
SEO friendly websites
Progressive web applications (PWA)

## Mention some features of Next JS.
Next JS has a lot of features. Some of them are given below-

Static export is supported by it.
Easy server rendering by default is available.
Automatic code-splitting can be sea-ported.
Full Babel and Webpack control is provided.
The Hot Module Replacement is supported by its environment.
We can implement it with any of the HTTP servers of Node JS.
A simple routine of client-side content is supported by it.
Reloading of hot code is also supported by it.
Easily customizable.

### 2. Can you use Next JS with Redux?
Yes, it is possible to use Next JS with Redux.

### 3. How can a custom error page be created in Next JS?
In order to create a custom error page, we need to follow the given steps-

An "_error.js" has to be defined in the page folder.
Then "_error" component of our own has to be imported rather than "next/error" for using our custom error page.

### 4. Mention the benefits of implementing a serverless model.
It helps in splitting the app into smaller parts called lambdas. Hence, it helps in improving the readability as well as scalability of any app. The affordability is also enhanced due to the model- "pay for what you use."

### 5. What do you mean by SSR?
This is server-side rendering. This enables rendering on the server a client-side page app, and then we can send that rendered page to that client. These pages get loaded faster as the browser gets access to them sooner.

#6. How can serverless mode be implemented?
For implementing server-less mode, the ‘serverless’ target has to be added in ‘next.config.js’.

// next.config.js
module.exports = {
target: ‘serverless’
}

### 7. What is meant by Styled JSX in Next JS?

### 8. What do you mean by automatic code-splitting?


### 9. Is Next JS backend, frontend, or full-stack?


### 10. What is DOM?


### 11. Differentiate between imperative and declarative programming. And what kind is used in React?


### 12. What types of pre-rendering are available in Next JS?


### 13. Differentiate between the pre-rendering types available in Next JS.


### 14. What is the by default pre-render in Next JS? Give an example.


### 15. What are the main scripts in Next JS?


### 16. Which method does Next JS recommend for fetching data?
Next JS provides several methods for fetching data. But the one that it recommends is getInitialProps. It is an async function using which data can be retrieved from anywhere.

### 17. What are the properties available in a context object that arises on using getInitialProps?
The following properties are there-

Pathname- The path section of the URL is specified.
asPath- A string of the actual path that is shown in the browser is specified.
Query- It specifies the query string section that is parsed as an object.
Req- It specifies the HTTP request object (server only).
Res- It specifies the HTTP response object (only server)
Err- It specifies the error object in case any error is found while rendering.

### 18. Differentiate between Next JS and Create-React-App.
Create-React-App	Next JS
The Create-React-App is nothing but React with some integrations. There is no need for setting up Babel, Webpack, and other such packages for running React as it is a good boilerplate.

But packages need to be added on top of it if we want extra functions, including server-side rendering and routing.

On the other hand, Next JS is a full-stack and open-source React framework. It comes with important in-built features like routing, server-side rendering, API routing, and a lot of others. Hence, it is far more convenient.

### 19. What are the most important features introduced in Next.js 12.1?
The most important features are given below-

New Rust-based compiler
Faster image optimization
On-demand incremental static regeneration (Beta)
Self-hosted Next JS improvements
Zero-configuration Jest plugin
React 18 support

### 20.  Which key features are provided by Next JS in terms of SEO?
The following perks are there-

Jamstack compatibility
Increased flexibility in designing the UX of our website
Automatic static optimization
Improved data security
Fast static websites
Responsiveness and adaptability

### 21. How can build-id be configured in Next JS?
For configuring build-id in Next JS, a static ID must be configured between our build. Therefore, the ‘generateBuildId’ function must be provided with the given configuration-

// next.config.js
module.exports = {
  generateBuildId: async () =>{
  //For instance get the latest git commit hash
  return ‘my-build-id’;
  }
};

### 22. Explain the importance of code splitting in Next JS.
Using this feature, we can split the code into several bundles. These will be loaded only in parallel or on demand. Smaller bundles allow us to control the prioritization of resource load. And it majorly impacts the load time.

### 23. Mention the three main ways to split code.
Three main ways to split code are given below-

Entry Points- In this method, configurations need to be entered manually.
Prevent Duplication- SplitChinksPlugin or Entry dependencies are used here for splitting chunks.
Dynamic Imports- The code is split using inline function calls within the modules.

### 24. How can a page directory be created inside a project?
We need to populate ‘./pages/index.js’ for creating a page directory within a project with the given contents:

function HomePage() {
  return<div>Hello there!</div>
}

### 25. Explain the AMP-First Pages method to enable AMP in Next JS.
These can be served to the website’s primary traffic and search engine-generated traffic as well. The following syntax can be used-

// pages/index.js
import { withAmp } from ‘next/amp’
function HomePage() {
return <p> Welcome to AMP+Next.js.</p>
}
export default withAMP (HomePage)

### 26. Explain the Hybrid AMP Pages method to enable AMP in Next JS.
The coexisting AMP version of a traditional page is allowed by the Hybrid AMP pages. This enables the search engine to display the AMP page or the version in different search results on mobile.

### 27.  How can CDN be set up in Next JS?
The 'assetPrefix' setting needs to be set up first. And then, the CDN origin has to be configured for supporting and resolving the domain on which Next JS is hosted.